# My-DevOps/Cloud-Projects-GB
This is my ongoing repo containing my cloud projects. 


1.) Creating a IAM User, User Group, Assigning Permissions, as well as Setting Up MFA(BLOG)
https://medium.com/@GoergeBaidooJr/creating-a-iam-user-creating-a-user-group-and-assigning-a-permission-to-a-user-57a5d73a2289 

2.) How to Create a AWS EC2 Instance (BLOG)
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/how-to-create-a-aws-ec2-instance-a86d3197df1e 

3.) AWS Budgets, A Vital Service to Have (BLOG)
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/aws-budgets-how-to-set-it-up-and-the-importance-of-it-dab294cfd7d 

4.) Run a Serverless “Hello World” with AWS Lambda
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/run-a-serverless-hello-world-with-aws-lambda-2e8b4c35033 

5.) Create and Query a NoSQL Table with Amazon DynamoDB
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/create-and-query-a-nosql-table-with-amazon-dynamodb-e587dfc9d66d

6.) Installing An Apache Web Server On A CentOS 8 Server
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/installing-an-apache-web-server-on-a-centos-8-server-f425c7f9202c 

7.) GitHub: Fork, Clone, and Push
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/github-fork-clone-push-73d1f367bc33 

8.) Create an AWS EC2 Instance & Host an Apache Web Server On It With a Custom Page
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/create-an-aws-ec2-instance-host-a-apache-web-server-on-it-1d81d61d9efb

9.) Installing An NGINX Web Server On An AWS EC2 Linux-Based Instance
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/installing-an-nginx-web-server-on-an-aws-ec2-linux-based-instance-13cd843fbfcc 

10.) Create a Auto-Scaling Group of EC2 Instances for high availability 
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/create-an-auto-scaling-group-of-ec2-instances-for-high-availability-66be7d695961

11.) Creating a DynamoDB table & Providing READ only access to an AWS EC2 Instance
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/creating-a-dynamodb-table-providing-read-only-access-to-an-aws-ec2-instance-2d03633ee460

12.) Create a Highly Available 3 Tier Architecture 
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/create-a-highly-available-3-tier-aws-architecture-9c8b6d8ba418

13.) Starting and Stopping AWS EC2 Instances using Python and Boto3
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/starting-and-stopping-aws-ec2-instances-using-python-and-boto3-5801a4879c10

14.) Configuring an API Gateway HTTP to Trigger a AWS Lambda Function that Sends a Message to AWS SQS
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/configuring-an-api-gateway-http-to-trigger-a-aws-lambda-function-that-sends-a-message-to-aws-sqs-e6ecdfee495e

14.) Deploying Ngninx Custom Image to Docker, Creating a Docker Container & Pushing Container Data to AWS ECR
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/deploying-nginx-custom-image-on-docker-pushing-docker-container-data-to-aws-elastic-container-88605419f49e 

15.) Kubernetes: Deploying with a YAML Configuration File Via the CLI
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/kubernetes-deployment-with-a-yaml-configuration-file-via-the-cli-cc0f72f7d827

16.) Kubernetes: Deploying a Custom Index.html file On Nginx Pod Using a ConfigMap
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/kubernetes-deploying-a-custom-index-html-file-on-nginx-pod-using-a-configmap-191881b44e1c

17.) Deploying a AWS 2-Tier Architecture Using Terraform Modules
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/deploying-a-aws-two-tier-architecture-using-terraform-modules-fd6732aeb38b

18.) Deploying an AWS EC2 Instance Using Terraform Modules 
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/creating-an-aws-ec2-instance-using-terraform-modules-cde32db45358

19.) Terraform: Deploy an AWS ECS Cluster
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/terraform-deploy-an-aws-ecs-cluster-18f80d5ef562

20.) CI/CD Pipeline: Deploy a Simple Application to an AWS EC2 Instance Via CodeDeploy
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/ci-cd-pipeline-deploy-a-simple-application-to-an-aws-ec2-instance-via-codedeploy-9fe0fb8f7130 

21.) Deploy a LAMP Stack Website on a Ubuntu Server
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/deploy-a-lamp-stack-website-in-aws-cloud-bc693344553d

22.) Deploy a LEMP Stack Website on a Ubuntu Server
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/deploy-a-lemp-web-stack-on-ubuntu-server-28079e3e187c

23.) Deploy a Docker Container Running a Simple Application on AWS ECS-
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/deploy-a-docker-container-running-a-simple-application-on-aws-ecs-94285e4cd021

24.) Install Jenkins on AWS EC2 Instance(Ubuntu)
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/deploy-jenkins-on-aws-ec2-instance-ubuntu-9704b7ea55da

25.) Deploy a WordPress Website on AWS using Docker
https://medium.com/@GeorgeBaidooJr/deploy-a-wordpress-website-on-aws-using-docker-29864b2b0487?sk=3859e9a335eb934066f9199d52c17448
